seo is all about keywords the more
keywords that you target and go after
the more potential traffic that you can
get from search engines so how do you go
and continually find new keywords
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how to
continuously find new keyword
opportunities
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
now as you can see here on my screen i'm
on uber cedus you can find it at
neilpatel.com
ubersuggest so let's type in a keyword
i'm in marketing my agency np digital
which you can see here is an ad agency
where we help companies grow our traffic
so i'm like all right if this is my ad
agency site
and i'm trying to get more leads for
people interested in marketing services
how can i continually find new keywords
for
you know digital marketing services and
things related to that that i can
continue to target
so let's type in here one of the
services that offers seo so let's type
an seo company into ubersuggest
and what i'm doing here is just pulling
out some keywords that are potential
opportunities
so this report over here is a keyword
overview report where it shows you the
keyword how popular it is it's growth
over time or decline over time desktop
volume mobile volume
and if i go to keyword ideas that's
where i can see
many many more keywords that are related
to seo company so i'm looking for new
ideas constantly so how do i continually
find them
well the first thing you need to do is
when you find keywords that you're
interested in you need to on the keyword
ideas list just put a little tick box
next to those keywords so seo company i
can do seo company near me
go after seo company services
let's type in or let's keep looking
there's a lot that are city based or
state-based
so in texas san antonio portland austin
and the searchers actually add up for
all these i should be targeting each of
these quote unquote city pages
miami seattle atlanta orlando
so i'm gonna
select some of these
and then
actually even like the new york city
people type in nyc chicago
so now what i want to do is click add to
list
and
i can create a list so this one would be
seo
company keywords
and then i'm just going to click plus
so then that way add it to the list make
sure it's checked right there
and i'm going to add those keywords to
that list
and now i'm going to do the same thing
just like there's company there's could
be agency it could be seo agency as well
right
and same thing
click seo agency near me
not really software let's go to new york
city denver miami
and i'm going to select them
and then i'm going to add them to a list
and i would select a new list you know
maybe this one is on actually i can add
them to the same seo company list
company agency pretty much the same
thing
adam there
there's also services so i can type in
seo services
and
similar i can go seo services i can do
cities i can even do for like small
businesses near me
why is seo important that could be a
good keyword seo services pricing
providers
another city one
a few more city ones
seo service agencies more city terms ah
here's another idea seo services for law
firms i didn't think about that i can do
go after keywords that are based for
specific niches like law firms for
dentists for
doctors
for lawyers right uh let's see
and there's more keywords i can keep
clicking next next next and you would
want to do that and i would want to
again add these to
the list that i just created
and now that i did that
i've added those 18 keywords
i can also do the same for terms like
digital marketing
type that in really quickly
and as you can see here
all right there's other
terms digital marketing agency near me
some are not related digital marketing
agency that's great jobs not so much
uh digital marketing company
services
strategy we can offer strategy services
we're specialists
freelancer
um even if we're not a freelancer i can
have a page that talks about
you know hiring a freelancer versus the
agency
digital marketing google a lot of people
on google help
digital marketing funnel like creating a
funnel for your marketing
city-based keywords those are good as
well
campaigns we can help people run
campaigns
and in essence what i'm doing when i'm
going through this i'm selecting all the
keywords and and i actually saw one here
that was pretty interesting where's the
healthcare one
look digital marketing for healthcare
they also do industry-based terms so
that's something to look out for as well
uh in which i can probably do digital
marketing for law firms for health care
and i can add this to a list i'm going
to create a new list here let's type in
digital
marketing
got that selected click add keywords
and the
the overall point i'm trying to make is
you want to save your keywords so now
when i go to like my keywords list i can
then click on anything like seo company
this little list that i had i can scroll
down and look at all the keywords i
added within seo company i can see my
keywords like seo houston i can even see
the results on who's ranking
in the top 10 or top 20 or 30. it'll
pull from google sometimes it takes a
minute if it's not cash and i can go to
each of these pages
and i can see what they're doing
learn from them
and then try to create better versions
of the page so this one is thrive agency
seo houston
i can learn from this page
and try to create a better page than
this
here's one on joshua belland sorry if i
butchered your name joshua
seo company in houston
and similar i can look at his page what
he's doing learn from it try to create
something better here's another one n16
marketing get in touch they're racing
houston again learn from it do something
better
uh regex seo again i can look at it
learn from it try to do something better
here's a clutch which is a directory
and the overall purpose or the point i'm
trying to make is if i do this and i do
this consistently i can keep finding out
new keyword ideas save them and keep
going back to them and i can type in
some of these keywords like seo company
houston
i'm going to take a gamble here yeah it
looks like i spelled it right go to
keyword ideas
and here's some ideas here's some more
related terms houston texas so it gets
pretty long after this there's not too
many suggestions
after when i'm going that long of a tale
but like seo company
for lawyers
let's see if this gives any
more recommendations or ideas
for lawyers lawyers related when i start
drilling down
this much you know not as many options
but i can keep doing this and this will
constantly give me new ideas or instead
of seo company i can try companies ies
right and as you continually search and
you continually do keyword research over
time
what you'll want to do is you'll just
want to save your keywords so here's
ones seo companies seo like best seo
companies seo companies in new york
chicago so these are all examples of
more keywords that i can go after and
again i can add it to my list and i may
add this one to my seo companies list
selected that add it and now i have four
more keywords so when you're constantly
doing searches you're keeping track of
it over time your list of keywords will
continue to go up and you just go to the
keywords list idea you can group them i
like grouping keeps it simple and then i
have my list of keywords that i want to
constantly track and if you ever decide
that hey you know what i'm not
interested in this keyword anymore i can
just remove it from my list whether it's
one or two keywords you can always
export them copy to clipboard but that's
it this is how you consistently find new
keyword opportunities this is how you
keep track of them you keep adding to
them and then you don't have to worry
hey did i already have this keyword
already added to my list when you add it
it'll keep track of it all as well as
the duplicates and remove them so that
way it's simpler and easier for you
if you have any questions feel free to
leave a comment below and i'll do my
best to respond and help you out if you
enjoyed this video please like it share
it tell the people about it and if you
just want my company to do all your
marketing for you or even your seo for
you check out my ad agency np digital
thank you for your time